Expand USACO FAQ (#6246)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: content/1_General/USACO_FAQs.mdx

You can also ask a question by submitting the "Contact Us" form on the
bottom-left of this page, or on the [USACO Forum](https://forum.usaco.guide/).

## Q: Where can I view my contest history and promotions?

> You can view your contest history, scores, current division, and promotion status by logging into your USACO account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view your past contest scores and current division by logging into your USACO account.
```

Author: Thanks! I updated the wording to match your suggestion and pushed the change

You can also ask a question by submitting the "Contact Us" form on the
bottom-left of this page, or on the [USACO Forum](https://forum.usaco.guide/).

## Q: Where can I find contest analyses?

Official contest analyses are released after each USACO contest. You can access them from the USACO website by selecting a contest and viewing the analysis for each problem.

The USACO Guide also provides explanations and editorials for many USACO problems through its modules and problem lists.

## Q: Can I practice old USACO contests?

Yes. Past USACO contests are publicly available on the USACO website and are one of the best ways to prepare for future contests.

Many contestants simulate contest conditions by solving all three problems within the original contest time limit before reviewing solutions.

> ## Q: Where can I view my contest history and promotions?

Reviewer: Questions very similar to the first two are already answered in the FAQ ("Where can I find USACO test data and official solutions?," "How do I submit a solution to a past USACO problem?"). Do we need to include these?

Author: Good point, thank you! I removed the two overlapping questions and kept only the distinct contest history/promotions entry with the rankings clarification
